oh I why did last time I said these guys
lose to fight the amoebas oh I did the
hard way again more fun for me I don't
know I'm going to do I'm going up the
ladder hit the 1d like shooting fish in
a barrel
haha do they'll go back to single no no
it's a different ones I think it's going
to keep tossing these my agents are
doomed down there do my work
it's two holes clear and I still got a
few robots left over
I think I'll take care of the rest of
them face to face while being
grotesquely overpowered who wants some
Jose a popgun
no where's that go I can't right that's
why I came or not no it definitely was
because I came down from the top level
are you she's a map yeah probably go
through the whole wretched go down the
hole or up in this case I had this place
I'm of this I'll train get through it
wait oh come on be sticking on the
lasers sign for my fun Wow one hit
that's all it took unless I just shout
first to really quickly I'm a bus can I
trick them okay glitchy there's a word
for what this is doing is called glitchy
I take back my comments on the tree log
insight I said there weren't that many
glitches this thing has quite a few I
take out the rest of these guys who try
I thought they were array as small as it
would get
it's taking too long I don't like this
and there's like a gold gold somewhere
in here I'll get it later I probably get
the hoverboard racing done but I can at
least get to it and check point it so I
can take the taxi there next time and oh
my god that's a really big tank I'm
ready
oh come on whatever remember dying so
many times the first time I did this
up and down up and down it's like a
freaking maze all right here we go I got
time for the cutscene yeah it's not much
of one welcome to the heifer con
intergalactic hoverboard competition
captain quarks giving away a brand new
platinum Zoomer ater to the winner of
this competition all right I can smash
few these boxes in color quits
we good range on those explained boxes
craving go off I keep you nice its offer
I was like making things harder for
myself
all right this time I don't have a
choice these have to get blown up the
hard way refresher went aim too far
there's still more of you guys I'm gonna
kill him
run away
goto man in here is that if I knew it
there's more
oh poor trailer and I did that the
really really hard way whatever all
right I gotta cut this video here guys
and I went over time anyways so there's
going to be a little bit of editing oh
well see you